These days, attacks on many devices and users around the world have increased. The vast majority of these users are mobile phone users and the most recent types of hacking are stealing important data and blackmailing their owners for money to recover those files. 
The thinking was to try to face those culprits, as the latest global statistics indicate that more than 76% of Internet users around the world use the service through mobile phones. 
We decided to start by implementing a mobile application for the Android system. In this application, we will use advanced cryptographic algorithms so that the normal user can protect files that are important to him. 
In this application, we will use the digital signature, which is the best encryption methods currently in use 
Our project will be explained through 5 chapters and these chapters will include the following:  
Chapter 1: It will present the history of smart mobile phones, review some of the anti-virus circulating in smartphones and review applications that perform some similar functions in the protection of data and the most important problems that were in these applications.  
Chapter 2: We will review the CRYPTOGRAPHY and its various stages of development, types of CRYPTOGRAPHY and the difference between them, SYMMETRIC KEY CRYPTOGRAPHIC ALGORITHMS (AES-DES- Triple DES), ASYMMETRIC KEY CRYPTOGRAPHIC ALGORITHMS (RSA – DSA- ElGamal - ECC) and Hashing.  
Chapter 3: In this chapter we will provide the types of attacks on smart phones and technology implementation and the latest appearance and the latest development and we have studied more than the type of such attacks as ( Manin-the-Disk - Cloak and Dagger – Malware  - PHISHING ) In this chapter, we will also provide Security goals (Confidentiality – Integrity –Availability) and User requirements and System requirements  
Chapter 4: in this chapter will introduce the application which we are developed it we will view the sites of the application the design and the different interfaces of it . We will introduce the System Implementation and Verification and Testing.  
Chapter 5: this last chapter and we will present Conclusion and future work of our application and this chapter also will include the References which we used it in our Search and documentation.   
